README.md, before:

#C4PAT location finder#

The Center for Permaculture & Appropriate Technology is a hypothetical development at Ogden/Paulina, near the United Center, that would serve the community by teaching how to live life sustainably. 

##Who is C4PAT?##

The C4PAT team won a Living Building Challenge in July 2013 for their proposal. We are Ryan Lakes, Margaret Spyker, Steven Vance, and Parker Williams.

This app is one project to push the goal of reducing our need for earth's resources further by helping people find a place to see and experience permaculture and appropriate technology. 

##What is permaculture?##
An establishment of perennials and trees and shrubs that produce food and create habitats for helpful birds and insects, outputting more food than monoculture farming without the use of chemicals and fertilizers. 

##What is appropriate technology?##
Technological choice and application that is people-centered, small-scale, decentralized, labor-intensive, energy-efficient, environmentally sound, and locally controlled.

##More info##

Read more:
http://www.c4pat.com

Demo the app:
http://stevevance.net/c4pat

Commit message:

Added demo URL and list of tools

README.md, after:

#C4PAT location finder#

The web app locates places of permaculture and appropriate technology around you. 
http://stevevance.net/c4pat

##Tools used##
* Google Fusion Tables
* Leaflet map library
* jQuery
* jQueryMobile framework
* jQuery ScrollTo plugin

##What is permaculture?##
An establishment of perennials and trees and shrubs that produce food and create habitats for helpful birds and insects, outputting more food than monoculture farming without the use of chemicals and fertilizers. 

##What is appropriate technology?##
Technological choice and application that is people-centered, small-scale, decentralized, labor-intensive, energy-efficient, environmentally sound, and locally controlled.

##Who is C4PAT?##

The Center for Permaculture & Appropriate Technology is a hypothetical development at Ogden/Paulina, near the United Center, that would serve the community by teaching how to live life sustainably. 

The C4PAT team won a Living Building Challenge in July 2013 for their proposal. We are Ryan Lakes, Margaret Spyker, Steven Vance, and Parker Williams.

This app is one project to push the goal of reducing our need for earth's resources further by helping people find a place to see and experience permaculture and appropriate technology. 

##More info##

Read more:
http://www.c4pat.com
